README.md, before:

RShellJS : Remote Shell
========

A Node.js module that executes commands remotely and returns real-time output.

## Installation

```text
$ npm install rshelljs
```

## Usage

First, install RshellJS project dependencies by running the following command in the root directory:

```text
$ npm install
```

Second, to have an idea about using this module, please run the simple Express demo application inside `demo` folder:

```text
$ cd demo/
$ npm install
$ node app.js
```

Now, go to `http://localhost:3000/` in your default browser and explore the demo application.

## Tests

The ability to test the project will be supported shortly. We welcome any suggestion and contribution from you about this matter.

## Issues

Tell us about any kind of issues in our projet using ``Issues`` tab is GitHub. The following subsections describe the most common issues you could encounter using this project.

#### Bugs

We encourage you to report any kind of bugs faced running the project by opening an issue labeled ``bug``.

#### New Features

You're welcome to request adding a feature to the project by opening an issue labeled ``new feature``.

#### Enhancements

To suggest some feature enhancements, please open an issue labeled ``enhancement``.

#### Help & Questions

If you need help up and running this project, please put your help request and/or question in an issue labeled ``help`` and/or ``question`` respectively.

## Contributing

Please refer to [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/elouizbadr/rshelljs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This projet is open source and licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0

Commit message:

Add note about demo application URL

README.md, after:

RShellJS : Remote Shell
========

A Node.js module that executes commands remotely and returns real-time output.

## Installation

```text
$ npm install rshelljs
```

## Usage

First, install RshellJS project dependencies by running the following command in the root directory:

```text
$ npm install
```

Second, to have an idea about using this module, please run the simple Express demo application inside `demo` folder:

```text
$ cd demo/
$ npm install
$ node app.js
```

Now, go to `http://localhost:3000/` in your default browser and explore the demo application.

Note: If you access the demo application from a machine other than your local one, make sure to use your demo application's ``app.js`` server ip address instead of "localhost".

## Tests

The ability to test the project will be supported shortly. We welcome any suggestion and contribution from you about this matter.

## Issues

Tell us about any kind of issues in our projet using ``Issues`` tab is GitHub. The following subsections describe the most common issues you could encounter using this project.

#### Bugs

We encourage you to report any kind of bugs faced running the project by opening an issue labeled ``bug``.

#### New Features

You're welcome to request adding a feature to the project by opening an issue labeled ``new feature``.

#### Enhancements

To suggest some feature enhancements, please open an issue labeled ``enhancement``.

#### Help & Questions

If you need help up and running this project, please put your help request and/or question in an issue labeled ``help`` and/or ``question`` respectively.

## Contributing

Please refer to [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/elouizbadr/rshelljs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This projet is open source and licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0
